##### Ice #####

(C) 2010 - 2011 -- Kendall Weaver <kendalltweaver@gmail.com>

Released under GNU General Public License version 2

#####

Application to easily add and remove Chromium site specific
browsers in Debian and Ubuntu based Linux distributions. It
was originally created for Peppermint OS Ice and is now used
as the default SSB application in Peppermint OS since the
two branches of the OS merged for Peppermint Two.

#####

Ice depends on the chromium-browser package being installed.
It's also possible to use it with any build of Google Chrome
however this is something that is hard coded into the app
and will need to be manually changed if one wishes to use it
in such a manner.

Ice creates .desktop files in ~/.local/share/applications
and removes them from the same directory. Ice doesn't remove
downloaded icons, rather it overwrites them in the case that
the user adds back an SSB after removing it. In the event
that an icon is not available when attempting to download,
a stock version of the Ice icon will be used instead. The
user has the ability to specify any local icon should they
so choose.

This application does not use a standard means of applying
translations. It handles it's own translations by itself
using it's own means of doing so. If you would like to
contribute translations (please do), then please contact me
and I will make sure you have the necessary details for
doing so.

Ice is written in Python for use with versions 2.6.x and
2.7.x. It is presently untested in Python 3.x.x and I'll
happily accept feedback on the matter and patches that will
increase it's compatibility therein. It also makes use of
GTK 2+ and I have no immediate plans of porting to GTK 3
although I will happily accept feedback and patches on that
matter as well.

Thank you for your interest in Ice. If you wish to contact
me for any reason, please do so via email using the address
listed at the beginning of this document.

